[Music]
ten-car hacks you won't want to miss
have you ever tried to clean pet hair
from your car but without any luck
is there an annoying crack in your
windshield that you don't know how to
fix cars are meant to make our lives
easier right it would all be so simple
if they got us from point A to point B
and didn't need any upkeep but with the
purchase of a car
you also get an additional set of
responsibilities and expenses which can
make your life a bit more difficult at
times and no one wants that so keep
watching to learn what can turn your car
from drab to glam will also share car
hacks that will turn your daily commute
and road trips into great driving
experiences and as always don't forget
to click the subscribe button and turn
on notifications to be one of the first
bright ciders to watch our videos
number 10 keep your wheels straight
[Music]
imagine that you've reached a difficult
intersection and you're right at the
front of the line
it's a busy road and you need to make a
left turn there's a long line of traffic
coming from the opposite direction you
might get a little impatient and in
preparation for the turn you turn your
wheels to the left while your car is
stationary if you've ever done this pay
attention to this safety hack it's
important not to turn your wheels
beforehand you might have learned this
during driver's education or you might
think it's common sense but some people
still do it if someone rear ends your
car it will send you straight into the
oncoming lane it may seem convenient and
time-saving but it's better to be safe
than sorry
9 air freshener if you find that your
car's air freshener doesn't last for as
long as you would like then here's an
alternative solution you can use wax to
make your car smell nice if you're in
the habit of waxing your car you might
have a bit of wax left over if not you
can purchase some put a piece of wax in
a plastic container or a glass jar with
a plastic or metal lid make a few holes
in the top of the lid so the smell can
escape from the jar now place the jar in
your vehicle when the weather is hot the
temperature in the car will rise and the
wax will melt leaving a nice smell to
greet you when you get in if you love
DIY crafts you can also experiment with
placing the wax in different containers
or using wax pieces with different
scents
eight tablet holder you might find
yourself in a position where you're
running late you can't find your tablet
holder and the kids don't want to
cooperate with you if a tablet is
absolutely necessary for a long commute
but you don't have a tablet holder dig
through your garage and see if you can
find a bungee cord bring it to the car
wrap it around the headrest and put the
tablet in the hooks this is a quick and
cheap solution and the bungee cord won't
be uncomfortable to the driver or front
seat passenger seven-line the cupholders
even when cupholders are used purely for
drinks they're bound to get messy and
dirty once in a while drinks can spill
leaving a sticky residue inside the
cupholders that's a pain to clean to
make the process of cleaning the
cupholders easier put cupcake liners
inside they will help catch spills or
crumbs and besides being practical can
also add a nice touch of color to a
solid black interior
six apply some nail polish no not to
your fingers while driving
sometimes a windshields get odd cracks a
rock might hit your windshield or you
might get into your car one day and
discover a crack with no idea of how it
got there if your windshield has a small
crack but you can't get it repaired soon
try putting some clear nail polish on it
then nail polish will fill the empty
nooks and once it's dried it will seal
the broken pieces together it won't be
noticeable and it should prevent the
crack from spreading further beats
paying a few hundred to over a thousand
dollars to replace the entire windshield
right keep in mind that this hack isn't
recommended for large cracks and you
should always use your discretion
five winter parking maybe you went to
sleep on a nice and relatively dry night
only to wake up to a world covered in
snow no one wants to waste precious time
in the morning scraping ice off the
windshield to spend less time exposed to
the freezing weather park your car
facing east every day you might remember
from school that the Sun rises in the
east if you park your car this way the
Sun will do the work for you melting the
ice from your windshield and saving you
time
[Music]
for squeegee for pet hair pets are
always cute companions but they're
difficult to manage when they start
shedding everywhere
if you usually travel with them in your
car your back seat might look like a
hairy creature in its own right a vacuum
might not always be able to pick up all
the hair but a simple tool like a window
squeegee can help you collect it all wet
the area a little and use the squeegee
to brake the backseat for hair your
passengers your pet and your sinuses
will be thankful three frozen lock
during winter your car can freeze up you
head to your car you try to put your key
into the lock but your key won't go in
but you need to get to work you might
face this problem even if you have a
remote-control car key that you can use
to unlock the door you might be able to
unlock it but the handle could be frozen
solid so what do you do of course the
best option would be to have some tea
ice or spray handy since that'll do the
trick
but not everybody is prepared for the
winter season in a pinch you can run
back into the house or dig through your
bag and get some hand sanitizer the main
ingredient in hand sanitizer is alcohol
which can melt the ice that's frozen
inside the lock pour some onto your car
key and then try inserting it into the
lock if it's the handle that won't give
try pouring warm water on it
follow these hacks and you'll be on your
way to work before you know it it may be
five minutes late
[Music]
to oil it up is your car looking kind of
drab inside maybe everything is clean
but the dashboards have lost that new
car shine that made them so attractive
if you're about to start carpooling want
to impress a passenger with your car or
just want to return it to its old glory
try using some oil put some olive oil on
a cloth and rub the surfaces this will
give dull consoles a nice shine but be
careful when putting it on the steering
wheel since you don't want to make it
slippery which can create a dangerous
situation
[Music]
one key fob to the head have you ever
found yourself in the situation where
you're in a huge parking lot and can't
remember where you parked your car it
happens to so many people not all
parking lots have marked zones with
letters and numbers to help you remember
your parking spot maybe you'll try
pressing the unlock button on your
remote control car key to see if it'll
give you any clues if there's no me me
in response you might be too far away
instead of spending half an hour roaming
the parking lot put the key fob to your
chin and press the unlock button your
head will act as a conductor and it will
extend the range of the signal this will
give you a better chance of locating
your vehicle it might look a little
silly but according to a New York Times
article from 2009 this trick works you
can also use your phone to take a
picture of your location so you don't
forget it
so tell us bright ciders which car hack
will you try first do you already have
some unconventional setups in your car
let us know in the comment section and
don't forget to click subscribe to stay
on the bright side of life